## Jamie Myers
Jamie Myers is currently a freshman at Allegheny college. One of the first questions she asks upon meeting someone who is pursing a degree at Allegheny is "Why did you choose to come here?" For Jamie, committing to Allegheny College was an easy decision, but the journey to a higher education was far from facile.

Born and raised in York, Pennsylvania, moving to Meadville was a simple transition from one small town to another. As a kid growing up in the early 2000's in a lackluster city, most, if not all, forms of entertainment involved technology. Whether through MS Paint or pinball, Jamie spent her childhood teaching herself how to use a computer and its expansively endless capabilities. Thus, growing up, her childhood dream was to become a computer programmer rather than a firefighter or astronaut. Shifting from the Sega to computer games to the first PlayStation, Xbox, and back to computer games, Jamie was always found playing with any software she could get her hands on. Observing and experiencing firsthand the technological advancements of the twenty-first century inspired her belief that technological development is infinitely expanding, and she pictures herself becoming a part of such a powerful movement.

Although she continued to spend any free time on the computer, Jamie's idea of entertainment shifted from playing RuneScape to downloading music on LiveWire. Music quickly enveloped her life entirely, and she was never again seen without headphones and a Walkman, mp3 player, or iPod. Learning about music production increased Jamie's interest in technology even further; thus, she began educational studies of computer programming in sophomore year of high school. From tenth grade to senior year Jamie spent most of her school days learning about different forms of coding software and becoming fluent in Java.

At Allegheny, I hope to further my studies of programming and software while majoring in Neuroscience.
